GenepticonPy - Artificial Neural Network with its training based in Genetic Algorithm

Copyright © 2016 Eduardo Henrique Vieira dos Santos

GenepticonPy was developed using Python 2.7.

The first idea to make it was a trying to clarify and unify understandings about 
functional concepts like Artificial Neural Network and Genetic Algorithm.

I'm releasing this architeture kind hoping to help you understand part of 
its concepts and operations, or even use it in your projects.

There are some example files, such as: all logical operations (and, or, xor, nand, nor, 
xnor) manually configured to test the network features, an example of a learning script 
using the class neural, and examples of saving and loading networks.

This Network architeture uses the idea that Neurons belongs to a Dendrite coated by 
a Layer inside its Network.

Network tends to content a set of Layers that it will work with.

Layer tends to be: Input Layer, Hidden Layer or Output Layer.
A Layer may have one or more Dendrites within.
The Layers communications is intermediate by its Network.

Dendrite tends to be a set of Neurons.
A Dendrite may have one or more Neurons within.
The communications between Dendrites is intermediated by its Layer.

The communications between Neurons in different Dendrites is intermediated by its 
Dendrite.
The traditional way to make it tends to sum inside the Neuron object the Activation 
input values of all the Neurons in the past Layer. GenepticonPy do this sum in the 
Dendrite and Injects it into the Neurons, avoiding the redundancy of making the same 
sum in different Neurons.

The examples are in the folder "tests/". The simulations of the truth table with 
logical operations over the Network are in the folder "tests/Network". The example 
of a script used for the Network learning using Genetic Algorithm is in the folder 
"tests/Neural" and the examples of how to save and load your Networks are in "tests/Save-Load".

Its precision still needs to be improved for most accurated results on its training.

Author: Eduardo Henrique Vieira dos Santos
GitHub: https://github.com/EdVieira
